About the job
Etiqa is looking for a dynamic individual to join our team. Do you have what it takes?



Are you:

Passionate about working with people?
A creative thinker with a positive attitude & outlook?
A strong dynamic communicator able to collaborate effectively?
Willing to learn, adapt & grow in a fast paced work environment?


WANT TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE?

This exciting proposition allows you to work with Etiqa, a leader in the insurance sector, optimizing your unique skill set, and getting onboard our journey towards “Making The World A Better Place”.



SCOPE OVERVIEW

Plan and manage the end to end implementation timeline fornew product launches, campaigns, funds on-boarding and product implementation-related initiatives, with relevant stakeholders to ensure a successful implementation
Drive and manage the business requirements submission and clarifications sessions with IT and business stakeholders
Enforce use of best practices and frameworks for UAT process and sign off (i.e. proper test cases, defect tracking log, sign off and testing results) from all relevant stakeholders
Understand product features and participate/manage UAT testing to ensure product related testing is properly tested with proper documentation
Ensure proper documentation for all implementation activities (i.e. Timeline, Cost of implementation, Business Requirements submission, UAT testing results, Product Launch checklist) to meet quality standards and governance at all times
Support post deployment activities (i.e. communication, business verification process)
Drive and support annual regulatory exercises and any ad-hoc assignments
Work on system automation initiatives to identify improvements for UAT process


REQUIREMENTS

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent
At least 5 years of experience in Project Management/Product Implementation
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate effectively and work well with a diverse range of stakeholders
Proactive, fast learner, positive mindset and highly adaptable to change
Independent and self-organized individual with an attitude to get things done
Have the ability to multitask and manage tight timelines
Knowledge in Life Insurance will be a bonus